I created this folder in order to hold the Micro3D printer parts. 

We have determined that in SolveSpace-to-STL-to-M3D print the dimension between two holes at 27.5mm apart on SolveSpace 
actually print on M3D printer at ~27.0mm. So there's a ~0.5m difference. Unclear where this problem lies.

I have been informed to expect a 2% shrinkage of plastic parts printed with PLA plastic (~8% shrinkage for ABS printed parts

I created test files and sent them to SolveSpace Forum (see: http://solvespace.com/forum.pl?action=viewthread&parent=1624) and
someone wrote back that the STL and SVLS files look ok but no-one tried to print them.

So, if you try to use these files on another printer you may need to modify the inter-hole distances. I would suggest printing them 
out and seeing if they match up to the parts you have and adjusting them to fit. 

I used a Micro3D printer for the parts we printed and they seem to fit ok. 

The .SLVS files are created using the SolveSpace Parametric 3D CAD program (see: http://solvespace.com/index.pl), version 2.1 but 2.2 is 
now available. It's open source, free to use by anyone and available on Windows XP-10, Mac OS X and Linux.

Ray

Files: 
NB. ".slvs" files are SolveSpace source files and ".stl" files are exports with triangular mesh of the .slvs files for 3D printing. And 
 I have tried to end the files with a "-vnnn" where nnn is the version number this will likely change as we improve the parts but it's a 
 way to keep track of the .slvs & .stl files.... Not sure how to use GitHuB to manage changes to .slvs and .stl files.

- CoreMnt-8x5-Bot-vnnn.slvs & ".stl: this is the bottom half of a mount for the 5 holes in the Core Controller Module and an Actobotics
 bracket. It has 8 (2 pairs of 4) screw holes for the flat bracket and all 5 screw holes for the controller module. 
- CoreMnt-8x5-Top-vnnn.slvs & ".stl: this is the top half of the mount for the Core Controller. It is intended to on one side (the 
 controller side and on the other side the Actobotics connection to SANDWICH the core controller flange so there's a plastic part on top 
 and on the bottom of both the controller and the flat Acotbotics bracket.

- CoreMntUSB-vnnn-Bot.slvs & ".stl: this is the bottom half of a mount for the side of a Core Controlle Module. This and the corresponding 
 top piece wrap around the controller and mount to the side of the controller to an Actobotics flat bracket. The bottom mount is intended
 to be used for both sides of the controller but the Top can only be used for the USB connection side of the controller as on the other
 side it would obstruct the Power and Moter connections of that side. These two parts also have the 8X5 configuration of screw holes
 - CoreMntUSB+Towers-vnnn.slvs & ".stl: this is the top half of the wraparound mount for the Core Controller. It is intended to only be used
  for the USB connection side of the mount. It also SANDWICHes the core controller screw hole flange and the Actobotics flat bracket on the 
  other side. 
 - CoreMntUSB+Towers-only-v001.slvs: is an assembly of just the two USB towers that are included in the USB mount above and the USB holder
  below. If you change the Towers-only .slvs file and then open one of the USB+Towers or USBholder files it should incorporate any 
  changes made to the Towers-only file.
  
 - NewCoreMnt-2X5-vnnn.slvs & ".stl: this is a different mount, only going on the top of an Core Controller module and an Actobotics beam. 
    But we have configured the Actobotics screw holes so that it could all be mounted on the same beam. The controller module should lie 
    ontop of the beam and the plastic should lie with a portion of the piece (the ledge) ontop of the controller screw holes and the rest 
    lieing flat on the Actobotics beam. As the middle 3 screw holes on the controller would interfere with the actobotics beam they have 
    been filled in and provide 3 protuberances that fit into the 3 middle screw holes for the controller. This was designed for the Core
    Controller and should fit the other controllers that are sized the same. We haven't tried this on the bigger controller(s) to see if it
    works or not.
 - NewUSBholder-vnnn.slvs & ".stl: An optional piece that is configured to go ontop of two of the NewCoreMont-2X5 above and provide a 
    USB cable holder for the one side of the Core Controller that has a USB cable connection. It's really a version of the CoreMntUSB+Towers
    above piece but configured to fit ontop of the NewCoreMnt-2X5 part. We probably need to do one of these for the other controllers as
    there USB connections are in different places
    
  - Square2.slvs & ".stl: this is a test piece (yet to be validated, printing it now) that is configured as an Actobotics square with 
    14 of the 21 (20 small and 1 big) screw holes of a square. There are more holes surrounding the interior big hole and there seems to be a 
    standard screw hole placed between squares. It turns out the squares that Actobotics uses has two different configurations 
    1)used on the flat brackets with widely spaced big holes has screw holes almost in an exact square on the outside and screw holes that 
    surround the big hole on the inside.
    2)used on the beams with tightly placed big holes where the screw holes are only linear on two of the sides and non-linear on the 
    orthogonal sides.
    The square file has both types of screw holes, 2 sides have linear holes and 2 orthogonal sides have the non-linear pattern. Which 
    should allow it to fit onto beams as well as flat brackets.
    
  Use at your own risk.
  
  
